---
inFeed: true
description: "_2017\_holiday greetings_Iceland.\_\_Magical. Light and color in an instant. Arctic-scapes reflect\_volcanic flow.Old Norse\_descendants revel in tales of ancient times."
dateModified: '2018-01-14T13:37:07.330Z'
datePublished: '2018-01-14T13:37:08.298Z'
title: ''
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
hasPage: true
sourcePath: _posts/2017-01-26-postale.md
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2017-01-26T14:14:26.948Z'
url: postale/index.html
_type: Article

---
_\_2017 holiday greetings\_Iceland.  Magical. Light and color in an instant. Arctic-scapes reflect volcanic flow.  
Old Norse descendants revel in tales of ancient times._

_\_Moscow on a cool and rainy May afternoon._  
_Passerbys are treated to imagery along a route\_an unusual setting to view the arts._

_\_Judaica and bridal gowns at Israel's Jaffa shuk. Take a leisurely lunch at a cafe nearby._

_\_A Sunday outing in Argentina's Feria de San Telmo. Visitors and local alike soak up the atmosphere and tango to the beat of Buenos Aires._

__

_\_Punjabi man. Most likely from Amritsar\_ Northern India. A visit to the Golden Temple, the most sacred of all shrines for Sikhs,  
is also known as Sri Harmandir Sahib.  _

__

_\_On the heels of dh, bell, ottomans and nomads, all ensconced in the heat and dust of Petra\_  
archeology triumphs and the crown jewel of Jordan reigns. _

_\_Southwestern France's prehistoric dwellings from the Magdalenian period date back15,000 years\_at least.Trek to the Salon Noir's "cul-de-sac" in the Niaux Cave to view the amazingstrokesof animal impressions._

_\_Anywhere there is la playa. Señora toma el sol._

\__Delving into Peruvian culture is a fascinating introduction to the study of an indigenous people.  
A mix of Spanish colonial practices with beliefs in Christianity and native religions._

_\_Werner's Fitzcarraldo and the tale of rubber barons led to the exotic amazonas and it's jungle capital Iquitos.  
Shrouded stalls entice\_try the delicacies and delights at the Belem marketo at the river's edge._

  
_\_Dressed and tressed, and pretty in pink, Katherine stops for a quench of Red Bull. _  
_It's all aboard for the Anime Convention\_Penn Station, NYC. _

_\_07 April 2014 /Arles France. Official opening of the Fondation with the exhibition Van Gogh Live!_

_\_Dining out Chinois when in Paris is always a feast for the palate. Demandez aux habitants pour un sédusant!_

_\_Rear Window. Fashion and couture through a glass darkly. Inspired by Hitch? Maybe. Captured along the Duomo di Napoli._

#### 

_\_Not far from Funchal, a bather is lost in the the eternal waters of Iberia's Madeira island. _